We got 50 of the biggest streamers ever.
Some of them have followings that rival
Michael Jackson.
>> BRING OUT THE LAMBORGHINI!
>> Things are going to get crazy. We're not
in Speed's room.
>> This is a replica of my room.
>> Never been a prank with this many
creators before.
>> We recreated a bunch of the rooms.
>> All the millions of viewers that are
watching [music] these live streams are
going to be wondering, "How is Mr. Beast
going from this location to that
location?"
>> Is this Speed's room?
>> NO, MY DLP.
>> [screaming]
>> I'M NOT GREEN SCREEN.
>> Ludwig is live streaming right now.
>> Bonjour.
>> But this is not his bedroom.
>> I'm not AI.
>> Did they fall for it at the start?
>> This is all a set, and they're going to
[music] find out they're here in
Greenville, and they're about to shoot
one of the biggest videos of the year.
>> But wait, once you get out
>> Secret door.
>> Ooh.
>> I'm kidnapping all your favorite
streamers.
>> STREAMERS, COME THIS WAY.
>> I'm about to trap your favorite streamer
inside of this cube.
>> Whichever one leaves LAST WINS A MILLION
DOLLARS.
>> I JUST LIKE everything [music] live,
raw.
>> There's like over 200 cameras on set.
>> 16 static cameras, [music] robo cameras,
big
>> long lenses
>> these vlog cameras
>> This is micro FPV setup.
>> controlled with your head. That's so
cool.
>> One of you is about to win this
Lamborghini.
>> That was a photo finish.
>> They don't know who won.
>> We have the playback.
>> It's at five frames. It came down to
less [music] than a second.
>> You guys think it's trash?
>> You're going home.
>> Straight knockout. Right into the chin.
>> What if Jimmy gets knocked [music] out
before he has to shoot this big video?
>> Oh gosh.
>> I think they need one more.
>> JIMMY, DON'T MOVE. CAN'T MOVE, JIMMY.
>> JIMMY, so you've done 50 YouTubers in a
cube. You've done 30 celebrities in a
cube.
>> Now we're doing 50 streamers, and I
think this could be the biggest of them
all.
>> Why?
>> Well, they all have very strong
personalities, and some of them have
followings that rival like Michael
Jackson.
We're going to put them all in a cube.
Can't say anything cuz they're out, but
things are going to be fun.
>> Good to see you here, man.
>> It's a big day.
>> Big day.
>> And what's crazy about this is they
recreated a lot [music] of these live
streamers' bedrooms.
>> We're going to make this room look so
realistic to Speed's original room.
[music]
>> But you guys designed a lot of the sets.
>> Yeah, so a few years ago, I built
Speed's original room. So, a few weeks
ago, Jimmy called me [music] and wanted
to see if I could recreate Speed's room
exactly.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Dude, I think you freaking killed it.
>> This is the biggest
>> [music]
>> creator collaboration of all time as a
prank for the internet.
>> So, now it's time to fool the internet.
>> All right, check this out. So, all of
these streamers are going live on their
channels [music] as if it's just a
normal day. They're at home, but really
we're here in North Carolina and they're
on a soundstage.
>> How we feeling this fine lovely morning?
>> Guys, how is everyone doing?
>> Hi, guys.
>> Okay, hello, chat.
>> We are
here.
>> Chat, what is up?
>> You can see Ludwig is live streaming
right now, but this is not his bedroom.
It's like all designed by Jimmy's team
and then there's 40 other live
streamers, 50 total live streaming right
now. And then Jimmy is about to go walk
into this stream, walk into that stream,
walk into that stream, walk into that
stream like he's in different locations
when really they're all here. And
suddenly, all the millions of viewers
that are watching these [music] live
streams are going to be like, wait, how
is Mr. Beast going from this location to
that location cuz usually these people
are all in different cities and
countries.
>> I got a story here.
>> Yeah, you keep telling your story.
>> Is this your house, Poki?
>> Yes, and you own it.
>> AI Mr. Beast.
>> I'm not AI.
Tell me what to do to prove I'm not AI.
>> Bonjour.
>> Non, non. Non, il est vrai vrai
Américain.
>> Baguette.
>> I'm going to just head to a different
room.
>> Okay. All right.
>> Is this Is this SPEED'S ROOM?
>> OH, GET OFF MY DEAL, [__] BRO.
>> [screaming]
>> HE DIDN'T COMMIT. HE DIDN'T COMMIT.
>> I'M not green screen. I'M IN MY ROOM.
I'M IN MY ROOM.
>> AND THEY'RE GOING TO FIND OUT THEY'RE
HERE IN GREENVILLE and they're about to
shoot one of the biggest videos of the
year.
>> WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
>> THE ROOF'S CAVING IN.
I THINK I THINK UH THE WALL broke a
little bit.
>> I'll come clean. This We're not in
Speed's room.
>> This is the replica of my room.
>> As you can see, we're actually in my
studio right now.
>> I can't lie, guys. This is literally not
my fault.
>> Wait, point up a little higher.
>> Just like point it point it like
>> There you go. YEAH.
>> [laughter]
>> THIS IS A LITERAL STUDIO.
>> Their viewers don't know yet. So, you
want to show them, boys? So, this is
Ludwig stream.
>> What up?
>> Hey, buddy.
>> How you doing, baby?
>> Ah, it's chilling, man. Nice room.
>> Thank you, man.
>> Did they fall for it at the start?
>> Honestly, yes.
>> They had literally no idea.
>> They said it's a green screen, so I went
and touched stuff.
>> Yes, this is a
>> what green screen?
>> This is a real the boo boo over here.
>> Production value.
>> How did y'all get this?
>> To a T.
>> Oh, bro, we hired the best art
department on the planet.
>> Oh my god, huge respect to the art team
that put this together.
>> We started pulling screen grabs from
their streams and then we just started
sourcing furniture. XQC's is kind of
interesting.
>> This is a custom shelf. They wanted to
match exactly [music] what's in XQC's
bedroom for his audience cuz they would
know.
>> So, it's like a 50k shelf.
>> We had to find the shelf.
>> I basically did a Google image reverse
shot and found it as a rental in New
Jersey and shipped it over [music] here.
>> A really cool detail, she looked up the
weather forecast. So, it's supposed to
be snowing there. So, we got some
snowflakes in the background. So, yeah.
>> It's like a backlit transparency that
[music] we brushed here in the day.
>> Cuz he's based in Canada and right now
it's winter, they made it look like the
windows [music] have snow.
>> I do can tell, guys, it's snowing.
>> So, I wanted to put a lot of Easter eggs
in the background. All the streamers
have like YouTube play buttons and stuff
like that, which they didn't really want
to ship here.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I have a lot of extra ones. So, like
[music] every play button in the
background says Matthew Bean, they're
mine. On Speed's bed, I actually built
his bed out of toilet paper.
And then that soccer ball back there is
actually cake.
>> Oh, OH, OH, WAIT.
>> WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
THAT GREEN STATUE RIGHT THERE, that's a
one-of-one art [music] piece that's in
his house and we custom sculpted it in 5
hours yesterday.
>> The bulldozer in Quackity's room, it's
like a 30,000, 40,000 [music] pieces.
So, it's like we sourced that
pre-assembled and like had to rush it
out here.
>> I can FIX IT.
>> NO, BRO, NO, NO.
>> OH MY GOD, THEY BROKE THE BULLDOZER.
>> BRO.
>> [laughter]
>> OH NO, THEY BROKE the bulldozer.
That was the one thing I was hoping they
didn't break.
>> For the content.
>> Yep.
>> That [music] painting my mom made, she
painted that 25 years ago.
>> And my art department painted it 25
hours ago.
>> Yeah. And what's the blue [music]
screen? Some of these rooms are like,
they're in mansions with like 30-ft
walls back and stuff like that.
>> I see.
>> Beyond the makeshift bedroom sets that
they made practically, [music] they also
have a bunch of these blue screen sets
because, you know, getting 50 live
streamers, getting them to commit last
[music] minute, like some of these sets
have to be recreated with Photoshop. You
can see you have an exact replica. I
look into the camera. I I hope this is
not live. I hope to god we're not live
right now. Now, we're in Pokimane's
[music] bedroom. Like, look, this is all
a set. It's fake. They replicated all
the little trinkets and stuff that are
usually at her house. They did it with
every [music] single one of these big
streamers to make it look like they're
at home streaming for the first 10, 15
minutes [music] and then they go into
the YouTube shoot.
Who else does that?
>> Someone said, "Why? Why?"
>> Why?
>> Have you explained to your viewers
>> Excuse me, why why are all these
streamers in your house?
>> Today, I'm kidnapping all your favorite
streamers. Speed's going to co-host with
me. We're putting them in a cube and
whoever leaves last wins a million
dollars for their viewers.
>> Actually, like the viewers?
>> Yeah, the viewers win a million dollars.
And you can give away however you want.
So, you can give a thousand people a
thousand dollars.
>> Yeah, so we'll get everyone in the cube
and then I'll be like, "All right, I've
now kidnapped your favorite streamers."
We'll cut all the streams and the
internet's going to be like,
>> Can I see you introduce the challenge?
>> Wait, okay, let me put on a MrBeast
accent.
>> WE'RE GOING TO BE PUTTING 50 STREAMERS
INSIDE OF A CUBE. LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE.
ALSO, FEASTABLES, COMMENT DOWN BELOW
YOUR FAVORITE FEASTABLES FLAVOR. Peanut
butter, MILK CHOCOLATE, OR PEANUT BUTTER
REESE'S CUP?
>> NOT REESE'S.
>> BUT WAIT, once you get out
>> This is where it gets crazy.
>> Secret door?
>> Oh, watch out.
>> Secret door? Boom.
Hold on.
>> All right, look at this. They're
collabing, their audiences are crossing
over. Like, it's just genius the way he
Jimmy has not only thought about the
YouTube video, but everything that
happens before to make it an even bigger
deal.
>> Skate, brother.
>> How long has it been, bro?
>> It's been a long time.
>> It's chaos. As more people on the live
streams, the millions of viewers [music]
are beginning to realize, "Oh my god,
they're about to shoot a Mr. Beast
video." And that wasn't really Speed's
room in Ohio, [music] and that wasn't
really Excuse Me's set. We're all on a
sound stage right now in North Carolina,
about to film one of the biggest videos
of the year.
>> This is the set.
>> No one else has seen the chef. This is
where we're going to be putting them.
>> Oh, [__]
>> WE HAVE GATHERED 50 OF THE BIGGEST
STREAMERS
>> WE HAVE GATHERED 50 of the biggest
streamers, and the last one to leave
gets a million [music] bucks.
>> Wait, that's the million you said?
>> Yeah.
>> There we go, Ted.
>> I got to do a little dance, man. I got
to do a little
Oh, you know what I'm saying?
>> You ain't doing enough guarding in
there,
cuz I was just in there and I could
[music] have took all of the money.
>> Poking fun at the guards, like chat is
like going crazy. Like, "Oh my god, he's
about to co-host a video with Mr.
Beast." There's 83,000 people watching
him live right now, and multiply that
times 50. [music] Like, this is probably
the greatest promo for a YouTube video
I've ever seen.
>> HEY STREAMERS, COME THIS WAY. HEAD ON
IN.
>> To everyone watching the streams, I'm
about to trap your favorite streamer
inside of this cube. And whichever one
leaves [music] last will WIN THIS
MILLION DOLLARS IN CASH FOR THEIR
VIEWERS.
>> WHY DID YOU RECREATE THE SET?
>> THE THING IS, WELL, I feel bad if people
fly for a whole day to come here, and
then they out in the first one, two, or
three? So, at least now, if they got a
stream before the video, at least
they'll feel like they got content even
if they lost. That and then also, this
is just freaking cool.
>> How many like viewers were like tuning
in when you were live just now?
>> Over a million if you got every
combined, for sure.
>> Oh, you think over a million people were
tuned in live just now?
>> the streams plus all, for sure.
>> How did you get barbecue sauce on your
outfit already?
>> It It squirted off on the thing for
there.
>> Like it's The lunch break has been going
on for 5 minutes, guys.
>> Well, this is a daily occurrence, so.
>> I'm lucky mugging you, I'm not going to
lie.
>> No, she's She's frame mugging me right
now.
>> Oh, half the terminology you guys just
said, I've no idea what
>> Frame mugging?
>> Yeah, go ahead, say [music] something.
>> Do you know about jester maxing?
>> I look very Mr. Beastie. Dude, I get a
jacket?
>> Yeah, bro, you look fresh, man.
>> I think it's going to be bigger than the
YouTuber one.
>> You think?
>> Oh, yeah, definitely. A lot of big
personalities here. I think it's going
to be so entertaining. And we got you as
a co-host.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, [__] you can do it.
>> Wait, so you're You're [music] the CEO
of Twitch, but you're also going to
compete against a bunch of Twitch
streamers and live streamers who are
here.
>> Yes.
>> And are you going to You're not holding
back?
>> Of course not.
>> Hey, I'm sneaking you the moment
opportunity comes.
>> Are you serious? You're kidding me?
>> Get out.
>> Take that hand out.
>> You never know when Mr. Beast is going
to throw at you. So, I'm kind of
nervous.
>> Come with me, let's head on over.
>> I want to shake off these nerves.
>> I'M PUTTING 50 OF THE BIGGEST STREAMERS
IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS CUBE, AND WHOEVER
LEAVES LAST WINS A MILLION DOLLARS.
>> ALL RIGHT, the video's about to get
started. Jimmy's getting them hyped
[music] up. Things are getting loud.
Alliances are starting to be built.
>> We're in one of the biggest houses in
North America. We just finished building
it. This is one of our first shoots
we've done in here besides Beast Games.
>> Well, when we were here like a year and
a half ago, this is all a bunch [music]
of dirt, and they built it in record
time. And then that studio, where the
main locker room area is happening,
people [music] are getting together, and
it's just wild that Jimmy grew up not
too far from here filming YouTube videos
in his bedroom. So, it's crazy to see
how quickly they're building studios
>> [music]
>> to make bigger videos than Hollywood.
>> Emily, how do you make a cube look
interesting?
>> So, we have 16 static cameras, 16 robo
cameras. We've [music] got eight long
lenses. We want to make sure we're not
missing anything.
>> Is the idea with the FX3 in the corner,
is that supposed to be a confessional
camera type thing? Like creators are
going off to it and they're just like
spilling their feelings.
>> Nothing to do in a cube, but I'm about
to go crazy.
>> We flip the viewfinders around so that
they can see themselves and they go up
and talk to them and it always makes the
cut.
>> There's like over 200 cameras on set,
but it's not just the main cameras,
[music] it's also these vlog cameras for
every single streamer. Our creators
[music] here are getting their own
content. Like it is just genius the way
they think about maximizing every moment
with this many people with so many
followers.
>> Streaming is like basketball, football,
any other sport. Somebody Some people's
good at shooting, some people's good at
goalkeeping. You have gamers here who
strictly good at streaming on games. You
have IRL streamers that's very good at
IRL. [music]
>> All right, we just put 50 of the biggest
streamers in the cube. The video's about
to start. Things are going to get crazy.
>> Back up behind the purple line.
>> Oh my god.
>> YOU ALL ARE GOING TO GET ONE PAINTBALL
SHOT.
>> Paintball guns?
>> Yeah. The five targets hit the most will
be eliminated.
>> Oh my god.
>> They literally get to pick who they want
to shoot and eliminate. So, it's your
decision. Who do you not want to play
this game with? You know, like you guys
all have internet beef. Who do you want
to not be here with? Who do you not want
to spend the next day in the cube with?
>> French audience is very strong.
>> So, you have all the avatars here behind
me. Timmy is about to hand out a bunch
of paintball guns and this is actually a
really bad place for me to [music]
stand. Good luck, Agent.
>> He missed. He missed.
>> I'm a nice guy. Who's next?
>> That's so mean.
>> They're really testing the social
dynamics. So,
>> It's definitely a social dynamic game.
>> Who are YOU GOING FOR?
>> [screaming]
>> TRADITIONALLY, YOU GUYS use briefcases
for money.
>> Yes.
>> And now you're bringing out paintball
gun pellets.
>> Go for KJ.
>> They're getting calm. This is a real
time.
>> I'M SORRY.
>> [screaming]
>> BUT YOU'RE NOT A STREAMER.
YOU'RE GOING to miss, OLD MAN.
>> [screaming]
>> HE MISSED?
>> I'M AN EASY TARGET.
>> WE DID A LOT of testing. We tested
sounds of like dings when it [music]
hit.
>> Really? Oh, you guys tested the sound of
this pellet?
>> They wanted it to be a ding.
>> Uh, five people just got eliminated.
>> Bye-bye. Have a good time.
>> We thought you guys had a great chance,
dude.
>> I thought so, too. Um, unfortunately, I
actually shot myself.
>> [laughter]
>> Did you just shoot yourself?
>> HE SHOT HIMSELF.
>> HOW ARE YOU THAT BAD, THOUGH, BRO?
>> You're one of the busiest streamers in
the world. How did you carve [music] out
two days in your schedule for this?
>> hard. I have to stream tomorrow. I don't
know what to do.
>> Bro, I came in at 3:00 a.m. They had me
wake up at 6:00 a.m. I'm on 3 hours of
sleep.
>> How were you thinking [music] about this
shoot from a time perspective?
>> So, we have a whole logistics team ready
to book flights the second they're out,
get them out tonight.
>> Oh, wow.
>> So, for most people, it's going to be a
one-day shoot.
>> Yep.
>> And then, for that top 10 or so, they'll
be here tomorrow.
>> Look at his ankles.
>> Yes, it's a terrible terrible sunburn.
>> [laughter]
>> What happened?
>> Crazy sunburn, bro. We did a video where
we built a raft on an island and sailed
it across [music] to a different island.
And I just I got sunburned.
>> You seen his feet, man?
>> It's disgusting.
>> These are not shadows, guys. These are
sunburns.
>> Honestly, the fact that you're here
>> Yeah, I never want to see the sun again.
>> This is the next bit, yeah, [music]
okay? So, we're we're going to wheel in
this Lambo in front of all the
contestants.
>> The streamers are going to put their
hands on the Lamborghini, and at 10
minutes, they're going to have to
>> Lower voice.
>> Sorry, I like to project.
>> You project a lot.
>> Okay. They're going to [music] have to
guess when it's been 10 minutes and take
their hand off the Lamborghini.
>> So, they have to count in their heads?
>> Exactly.
>> This is kind of [music] like a staple of
Beast videos now, putting your hand on a
Lambo.
>> Yeah, how many Lambos do we give away?
>> A lot, and also a lot of Teslas.
>> And how many Lambos and Teslas do you
have?
>> And I I have zero.
>> [laughter]
>> I just love how it's completely
unattended right now. Like there's
nobody around it right now except for
Speed. [music] Speed, what's about to
happen, man?
>> You telling me like I know.
>> You don't know the game?
>> Hell no. Are you guys ready FOR THE
SECOND GAME?
BRING OUT THE LAMBORGHINI!
>> [screaming]
[music]
>> LOOK AT THE ATTENTION TO DETAIL THEY
HAVE even like the LED floor change to a
street for the car.
>> One of you is about to win this
Lamborghini for your viewers.
You'll be going live in 15 minutes
giving this away on stream.
>> Change the floor. If you want to compete
for this Lamborghini, step inside the
circle in the next 2 minutes. 5
4 3 2
>> [screaming]
>> ARE YOU BRINGING THE BLINDFOLD IN?
>> I'm going to start the timer and the
rest is on you.
>> It's going to be the longest 10 minutes
for them.
>> Going from hands to faces is great.
>> Oh, all right. WE HAVE OUR FIRST PERSON
TO TAKE their hand off.
>> Am I cooked?
>> It's been like 5 minutes.
>> No way.
>> I lost.
>> Yeah.
>> McCul, can you try to [music] find me
the other Botez twin?
>> I'm right here.
>> Should be next to her.
>> This is going to come down to literal
[music] milliseconds.
>> I think that's time, guys. You're good.
50, 60, 70
>> 30, 80, 60
>> 20, 20, 10
>> 9
>> [music]
>> 3 seconds, 2
>> Oh,
OH, WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
>> HE WON. HE WON.
>> TIME. THEY DID IT AT THE SAME TIME. THEY
DID IT AT THE
>> SAME TIME.
>> THAT WAS A PHOTO FINISH. We need the
playback.
>> Yeah, we're working on it right now. We
We're watching it right now.
>> The Lambo game is like down to the wire.
They don't know [music] who won. So,
Jimmy's racing to the control room.
We're about to go with them. Come on.
>> I have the footage pulled already. I
just don't know who's closest to 10
minutes.
>> Is that five frames?
>> Yeah, really close.
>> They were [music] five frames different?
>> They were five frames different. Yeah.
>> Have you guys ever had a game that
close?
>> No, yeah. That was pretty close.
>> So, 10-minute mark?
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> I'm so No one helped you guys?
>> We didn't think we were allowed to.
>> We didn't know you could do that.
>> So, we left them with their vlog
cameras. So, they were looking at the
time on the vlog cameras.
>> Oh.
>> And then everyone started shouting at
the end, so they couldn't hear us. So, I
guess they kind of panicked and then
>> Rheebo, Alex,
>> [music]
>> we got the cameras here.
>> Oh my god, they're going to freak.
They think [music] Yeah, they think the
sisters won right now.
>> His hand came up five frames later,
which was closer to 10 minutes. RHEEBO,
YOU WON!
>> YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS [__] UP.
>> THAT'S CRAZY.
>> SORRY, NO work out.
>> Five frames.
>> It was that against the rules or there's
just like fair play?
>> I mean, it's fair play. We have a vlog
in there. When I did I was like, I
wonder if anyone else is going to think
of this. Saw Sketch and Neon in there. I
was like, I'm good. I'm kidding.
[laughter]
>> So, we're about to release our YouTube
Hack Pack Pro, which includes many of
our trailer music, sound effects,
graphic templates, LUTs, and the things
we've been using on this channel to grow
[music] that many of you have been
asking for. But, we've been trying to
find a cool way to create a marketing
video for it without spending a fortune.
So, I tried out Higgsfield, which is
today's sponsor, to see if I could
create a few shots that we could use
when we [music] finally launch our
YouTube Hack Pack Pro. And we got some
amazing shots like these. Now, I know
there's been a lot of thoughts about AI,
but Higgsfield is on a mission to be the
most creator-friendly platform [music]
out there because it's helping
compliment how we make our videos. And
with Higgsfield's new marketing studio
tool, you can elevate the videos you
make from product demos to UGC videos
and more. Or let's say you have merch.
You can also use Higgsfield marketing
studio to create cool shots like this
one that we did for our creative cats.
We just gave it a photo and Higgsfield
did the rest. And honestly, what
surprised me is how easy it is to use.
Like, you don't need special skills,
fancy equipment, and it costs less than
a night out. Plus, Higgsfield is home to
so many other AI tools and features so
you can set it up with one account, get
free credits, and try it out by going to
the link below. So, check it out and now
[music] back to the video.
>> We're going to give all the streamers an
opportunity to choose whether they want
to do something physical like a sport or
if they want to do something that
they're more used to doing like a video
game.
>> You decide if you want to play a video
game or a sports game.
>> So they're going to play the sport game
first which is the soccer game.
>> I'm tired bro. It's too much waiting
around man. Everybody does their videos
and stuff differently [music] so
>> What what's different about how Jimmy
does his video versus how you do it?
>> He does it in so many cuts and he wants
certain things, certain shots.
>> There's so many different generations of
video creators and Jimmy is working
collabing [music] and making videos with
all of them which I think is really
smart. And it's funny cuz the celebs
that we saw on Jimmy's last shoot that
we were on view YouTube as the new
thing. They're like, "Oh my god, I got
to get on YouTube." [music] And the
streamers view YouTube as the old thing.
They're like, "No, no, no. YouTube? Too
rehearsed, [music]
too edited, too produced."
>> Like YouTubers it feels like adults.
They have schedules. You know what I
mean?
>> Yeah.
>> They edit all their videos out. Like
everything.
>> Really?
>> They're like, "Yeah, I got a video that
I got to go record." Streamers it's
like, "What are you doing?" And they're
like, "I don't know."
>> They just want to do it raw. They want
to move fast. They want to just do it
unscripted. [music]
>> I just like everything live, raw. I just
like being raw, talking to [music] chat.
You know, just being me.
>> These are just going too slow than they
should be.
I mean, we're still we're on schedule.
We're like right where we need to be.
>> Yeah, but we're moving slow today. You
know, it just depends how many balls
Speed is GOING TO STOP.
>> REVEAL THE SPORT THEY'RE PLAYING.
>> What's about to happen [music] is Speed
is going to be the goalie. They're going
to try to take shots on him and if they
do they advance. If not, they get
eliminated.
>> REVEAL THE GOALIE.
We should have known. OH, NO.
>> WHAT'S wild [music] is that we're
actually in the same exact area as they
played the last paintball game. You can
see some of the pellets here. And it's
really cool to see how they've [music]
really perfected the art of not just
having a great video, but having a great
production that moves fast.
>> I got you nervous man.
>> No, man. I'm not stressing. I will
score.
>> I'm stopping this goal, baby.
>> You're missing bro. You're out.
>> Speed is not [music] even phased. This
guy like probably one of the best
athletes in the world, just happens to
be a streamer and YouTuber. Here we go.
[music]
Take a look at how many cameras there
are here, by the way. One GoPro here,
one GoPro in the middle, one on that
side, [music] one camera there, one
camera there, one camera there, just in
the goal area.
And they have a drone going in and out
trying [music] to get the perfect shot.
All right, Josh, you're a drone pilot.
What's going on here? What is this?
>> So, this is what I refer to as my micro
[music] FPV setup. It's about 120 g,
super safe to fly around people, very
quiet, which is nice for audio.
>> And [music] it's motion controlled with
your head? So, so if you if you move
your head right now, what happens?
>> If I look
>> That's so cool.
>> FPV taking off.
>> [music]
>> If he misses, that's it. They all move
on.
>> [music]
>> He's never going to hear the end of
this. Can you get a goal on me? Okay.
No, no, go back. Go back. Go back.
>> You're trying to impress your little
your video.
>> No, come on, man. Come on.
>> No, do a backflip for me.
>> I can't [music] do a backflip.
>> Between these lines.
>> Okay.
>> Bottom corner.
We're on break. Just chill. We're about
to bring in a bunch of stuff.
>> All right, so they're about to film a
short cuz they're trying to squeeze out
as much content as possible while
Jimmy's here. All these big [music]
streamers are here. So, Luke, you're
doing a short here.
>> Yeah. So, this mallet is for this
carnival strong man game?
>> Right now we're on a break.
>> Yeah, we're on
>> But but there's no real break. Like you
guys are always always shooting content.
>> I'm on 24/7. You have to be ready every
minute because for example, a break like
this happens and then it's like, "Oh,
what are we shooting? Do we have time to
do it?" Heck yeah. [music]
>> And where are you going to put Jimmy?
>> He's going to hop all the way up,
straight knock out, straight into the
chin.
>> Wait, this is going to go all the way
up?
>> All the way up, boom. And it hurts.
>> So, what if Jimmy gets knocked out
before he has to shoot this big video?
>> We just got awesome content. What are
you talking about? He won't [music] be
happy, but he's not going to be sad.
>> OKAY, GOT IT.
>> THAT WAS GOOD.
>> I THINK THEY WANT ONE MORE. I JUST GOT
HIT.
>> DUDE, what the [__]
>> I I think they need one more.
>> We're done. We are done. I've gotten hit
enough, guy.
>> We didn't get the shot. That actually
hit me in the nose like pretty hard.
>> Revenge.
>> Jimmy trash talk.
>> THAT WAS PATHETIC.
>> [screaming]
>> JIMMY, DON'T MOVE, JIMMY. DON'T MOVE,
JIMMY.
>> WOW, HE ACTUALLY HIT ME. CANCEL HIM.
Look straight at me and say a mean thing
and go for it.
>> This seems to be very pathetic for Luke.
>> Simple is better. If you do this whole
thing of like, how many points are they
going to get or X, Y, and Z, no one
cares about [music] that. All they want
to see is punch bag hit Jimmy.
It's as simple as that. If you over
complicate shorts, they just don't work.
>> Yeah.
>> THIS GUY IS DONE.
>> ONE MORE.
>> SPEED DEFINITELY HITS THE HARDEST.
>> EDG, ACT LIKE THAT'S XQC.
>> XQC him?
>> Yeah, he said your music's trash.
>> What do you WANT TO HEAR MP?
>> YOUR MUSIC IS
>> ARE YOU GOING? OH.
>> NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR MP.
>> PUT FORCE INTO IT.
PUT FORCE.
>> We're balancing [music]
probably at the same time like 20 to 30
videos.
>> Wow.
>> All right, a lot of people ask, if they
can't leave the cube, how do they go to
the bathroom? This is how they go
[music] to the bathroom. They bring the
bathroom to the cube. They stay within
the red line. Tfue was saying he's going
to push somebody out while they're in
the porta-potty, which wouldn't be the
first time that something like that
happened. I think KSI tried to push some
people out during the 50 [music]
YouTubers video. That's not allowed.
>> If you guys want an actual coffee, let
me know. [music]
>> Yo, who's getting cracked out with me?
This next one is my favorite.
>> That's what you said about the last one.
>> What video game do you think we're about
to play?
>> Pac-Man.
>> Rocket League.
>> Did any of you say
Fortnite?
>> What? I WAS A FORTNITE PRO.
>> WAIT, YOU THINK I CAN DO IT?
>> WE'RE GOING TO BE DOING a Battle Royale.
>> You use some of the most souped-up,
expensive [music] PCs in the world. You
got the monitors over there. They're
about to wheel them in. It's just wild,
like sourcing $100,000 worth of PCs.
>> Bring in all the computers.
>> I've never seen this many computers on
[music] a Mr. Beast set. Like, how are
you planning to shoot this?
>> Obviously, for streamers, like it's a
legendary game. We got honestly some of
the best people who play games.
>> Bennet, who knows like Fortnite, [music]
was telling us like you like playing
Fortnite right now is kind of like
Michael Jordan unretiring.
>> Kind of, yeah. I've been playing a
while.
>> This is going to be kind of a
slaughterhouse.
>> I'm not worried about myself. I'm
worried about other people.
>> Zack, can you roll those GoPros?
>> You don't have to win. You just have to
be the last man.
>> That's so [music] fire.
>> Yeah, it's going to BE GOOD.
>> SANTA, START THE MATCH.
>> I DIED FROM FALLING OFF A CLIFF.
>> FIVE ELIMINATIONS REMAIN. IT'S GETTING
CRAZY.
>> Oh my god, look at them all. Tfue,
they're flying a plane together. [music]
>> Even Tfue. That's crazy that the most
cracked people in this game just all
teamed up with each other.
>> They're moving on.
>> Yeah. Unless someone [music] just
crashes that plane RIGHT NOW.
>> WOAH! [screaming] IT WAS TFUE!
NO!
NO, BRO!
>> I JUST WANT TO SAY I CALLED IT.
>> Everyone's doubting me.
>> That's actually crazy.
>> YOU TWO ARE FORTNITE PRO PLAYERS.
>> YEAH, WE'RE PROBABLY THE TWO BEST
players out there, to be honest.
>> For sure.
>> But you're also eliminated.
>> Yeah.
>> Why?
>> We suck.
>> We're failures.
>> Let's do a challenge.
>> Let's do 100 push-ups right now.
>> Down. Up. Down. Up. Down.
>> I'll try hard right and win the next
challenge.
>> UP.
DOWN.
>> [screaming]
>> GIVE ME THAT!
>> ALL RIGHT, YOU CAN SEE RIGHT NOW THE LED
FLOOR. THIS IS AN OVERHEAD SHOT. It's
going to be super important to this next
game because a bunch of shapes are about
to show up here.
>> how they look so good. [music] That's
live. It's It's our camera right up
there. We got about 50 cameras rolling
this whole time.
>> Yeah, you can see yourself.
>> Look how good the top down looks.
Yeah, the time lapse in between the
challenges is going to be sick.
>> Yeah.
>> Streamers, can I have you guys over
here? You guys ready for the next game?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, throw up the shapes.
>> Your team runs the LED floor.
>> So, we're [music] about to play the
shapes game where we've got five random
shapes.
>> These shapes will spawn randomly across
the floor. You have 10 seconds to
memorize where the shapes are.
>> And then Jimmy's going to spin a wheel
and then they've got to run to where
that shape is and then stand on that,
hold on to each other, and hope they're
in the shape. So, it's a fun game, yeah.
>> The shapes are already predetermined by
compliance, by legal.
>> WHAT IS OUR SHAPE?
SQUARE, GO, GO, GO.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS READY?
GET HERE, GET A SHOT OF THEIR FEET.
>> I love how Jimmy is still directing
cameras to this day.
>> Jason's in. Jason's in, YOU WIN.
>> WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> IT MEANS TWO [laughter] GUYS ARE
ELIMINATED.
>> No problem.
>> It's the end.
>> [music]
>> End of the trip.
>> All right.
>> CONGRATULATIONS ON MAKING IT TO THE TOP
12. TO CELEBRATE, WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A
SLUMBER PARTY.
>> SO, we just [music] hit hour 11 12 of
the shoot and they just wrapped the game
and they're bringing in all these beds
for the streamers because when Jimmy
says you can't cross [music] the red
line, otherwise you're eliminated, he
means it. So, they're going to have to
sleep here overnight and you can see the
lighting has changed. It's a bit more
mellow. All right, we'll see in the
morning.
All right, it's day two. [music] The
streamers are just getting up and
they're about to strap this
rubber chicken to the bottom of their
shoe to play the next game.
>> Goodbye. You have one on both wrists?
>> This is so funny. I love this. I love
this game.
>> Audio is losing your mind right now.
>> I feel like I'm in an insane asylum.
>> Jacob, what do these rubber chickens
have to do with the next game? [music]
>> We're going to tape them on the bottom
of their feet and they have bells all
over their body. Yeah. They have to run
around the queue and dodge being hit
with a dodgeball.
>> Can you pick off [music] Chandler hit
with him blindfolded with the ball
really quickly?
>> Yeah.
>> First four hit will be eliminated.
CHANDLER, HAVE AT IT.
>> OH!
OH, he one shot it.
>> Chandler's going to be in [music] a
circle in the middle blindfolded with a
ball. Tell me where they are. And as he
hears people he's going to try to hit
people. If he hits someone they're out.
>> It is dead quiet.
>> The way we're covering this is pretty
clean. One wide on Jimmy. Some long
lenses trying to catch [music] everyone
getting hit.
>> Oh!
>> When we're able to shoot on long lenses
without seeing camera people it really
helps [music] immerse the viewer and
feel like you're there watching this.
>> Huh?
Oh!
>> All right, going for the shot.
>> [music]
>> We're down to eight contestants. Went a
little faster than we anticipated.
[music]
>> All right, there's like chaos going on
here. There's so many things here on the
[music] shelves. Like what is going on
here?
>> We are giving the contestants everything
they need to build their own beast
challenge.
>> We have pretty much bought everything in
town.
>> Stand on one of these dots.
>> I'm going to let you pick the next game.
Cut the lights.
>> Go dark. Go dark.
>> I'm kind of nervous.
>> They are bringing out these shelves with
a bunch of different toys and products.
[music] So you got things like water
guns, hacky sack, play swords, Jenga,
Slinky's. And it's a very similar to the
red cubes game that they [music] played
during beast games where they had a
bunch of things on standby so they could
decide how you guys going to eliminate
yourselves.
>> So, in the video clap scene changes, but
we had to bring everything in so this is
the behind the scenes. And we kept them
blindfolded the whole time.
>> That's good.
>> Let's go ahead and cut the lights
[music] in the floor, PLEASE.
>> OKAY. TURN THE LIGHTS ON.
OKAY, YOU CAN OPEN YOUR EYES.
>> What the heck?
>> What is going on?
>> You all will decide what this game is.
>> What?
>> Four people [music] must be eliminated.
>> Okay, okay, okay.
>> Gather around me.
>> Basketball but far away throw.
>> What do you guys want to do?
>> One we want to seven.
>> Every shot is one [music] point.
>> Me and Ski are doing connect four.
>> Let's start the game. They have been
decided.
>> Let's push in handhelds. I'd love to
[music] have one person per group.
Looking for reacts on the long lenses
here.
>> She loses this game, she's out.
>> Your heart is racing.
>> You did it.
>> Oh.
>> Wait, I did it.
>> Womp womp womp womp.
>> Sorry about it.
>> And with that, seven remain.
>> Let's do the basketball game.
>> First shot, if he makes it, he Bye is
gone.
>> OH MY
>> MAMO.
>> WHAT?
>> NAH.
>> TRY ONE.
>> THIS IS ALL YOU HAVE to do.
>> OH.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> JIMMY WOULD be pissed if that was not in
the edit.
>> I took another shot though.
>> But Ray dropped my hand and it worked
well for me.
>> What up?
>> Yeah.
>> Let's go.
>> I did it.
>> [music]
>> All right guys, GG soldier.
>> Bye-bye-bye.
>> Hey good play, man. You did great.
>> It is [music] time for the most intense
game.
>> I'mma dog you, bro.
>> I'm going to dog him.
>> You're going to dog him?
>> Wait, right. So, you guys didn't know
this game was happening. Like a one for
one for one. How are you going [music]
to shoot it?
>> Yes, so usually in the control room
well, I'm not prepared for whatever they
choose, you know. So, yeah, now I'm
going to shoot a basketball game. So,
So, [music] is going in there directing
on the floor instead of in the control
room. And I've seen Emily come [music]
in and out. A lot of moving pieces. A
lot of moving pieces.
>> Quite literally a lot of moving pieces.
Quite literally a lot of like I'm moving
a piece right now.
>> They're playing 1 V [music] 1. They're
just playing against each other.
>> Oh my god. No way.
>> I got to go back there and see how this
looks.
>> Fun fact, 11 million people watched the
NBA finals [music] last year. And Jimmy
was just telling them like, "Hey, you're
not just playing for $1 million. You're
playing in front of 3% of the world's
population because his videos get 100 to
200 million views. So, looks like a
casual 1 V 1 basketball game, but
actually it may [music] get more views
than most NBA finals.
>> Is Jason better or worse than you
thought?
>> Worse than I thought.
>> As I said, football world.
>> Now we're cooking. [music] Now we're
cooking.
What is this? What is this?
>> Oh my god.
>> Oh, no.
>> The world wants to know why are you
wearing a birthday cap right now?
>> I don't know.
I just thought I saw one over there. I
was like, "I'm going to I'm never
wearing one of these."
>> So, there you guys. That's That's the
answer we've been hoping for.
>> You can't argue with a man with a
birthday hat on.
>> All right. We're about to get to game
point and Jimmy's like, "No, no, no.
Bring the cameras in. I want to get
their thoughts. I want to build up the
tension. I want to build up the story.
And then we're going to run it."
>> So, we're [music] taking notes on all
the important things that are happening
and any quotes that we think can make it
into the video.
>> Like right here, Marleus said, "I'm
willing to go all the way for this
million."
>> And then he got out in the first round.
>> [laughter]
>> Just trying to find those moments to get
the editors [music] whatever they need
for story.
>> So, this thing is recording every
camera. And my job is to make sure all
500 terabytes gets organized [music]
by vlog cams, by handhelds, by the
statics that are all the way around the
cube so they [music] can edit it within
a month. One of the fastest timelines we
ever had because the finale will be live
right after.
>> How is everybody at Beast like good on
camera?
>> [laughter]
>> We just hear Jimmy do it constantly.
>> What's the score?
>> Hey, 4-3.
>> 4-3.
>> Can't guard me. You can't score. That's
it, bro.
>> This would be an insane comeback.
>> Whoever wins this
>> Whoever wins this is in our final four.
>> The intensity on set right now is at an
all-time high because this is the final
showdown of the final game.
>> [music]
[screaming]
>> Put a Jordan push in. Jordan push in.
>> Over. Look at Jason. It's over.
>> Bro, that was intense.
>> Bro, get up.
>> Oh!
>> This is 50 of the biggest streamers in
the world. So, why would we not live
stream the final game?
>> YOU DOING IT LIVE? [screaming]
>> YES. ALL FOUR of them. WE'LL BE LIVE on
this CHANNEL 24 HOURS AFTER THIS VIDEO
GOES UP.
>> They've never ended a video like this,
but hey, now they got 1 month to edit
this massive video.
>> This is about 3,000 [music]
hours of footage.
>> I have to get this organized in a week
so that the editors [music] going to
have it edited in 30 days, probably
less.
>> I've never had to do something this fast
before.
>> Wow. So, that puts the pressure on it
cuz you got to get this video done, air
it, and then have a live [music] ending
of who's going to win this $1 million.
>> Can I tell you something? I'm stressed.
>> [laughter]
>> This video is unlike anything we've ever
done because we're ending our video on a
cliffhanger and we're going live to find
the winner.
>> I can't wait to see what people think.
And honestly, I can't wait to see how
many people show up.
>> [music]